everything in reality is very serious so
I like to have a look have a bit of fun
and not really take it too seriously do
you understand what I mean I've honest
yen you have to realize whether i'm
criticizing freely or criticizing nina
and randa my purpose the reason why i'm
on youtube is serious as chancer I'm not
[ __ ] around a very seriously I'm very
passionate and I sacrifice my time to
make that happen I need this room for
boys and I like yeah yes there's room
for both no no there's riverboat but not
on my youtube channel think about what
percentage no no think about what
percentage of making YouTube is all the
other [ __ ] and my channel is like
the one special place where I say the
[ __ ] doesn't cut it so no there is a
report on my channel no not at all you
want to [ __ ] around the whole rest of
you tube is for [ __ ] around given
that i'm in the percentage of people who
are sharing their real life they're real
struggle i'm actually weeping on camera
I'm talking about everything going on in
my real life whether it's my job or my
divorce or my aspirations for being in
activism and you want me to respect you
why you did you started this
conversation by asking me to respect
that was absolutely what you're asking
you were making a coherent argument
which I understand and I'm and I've been
a hundred percent straight with you
saying I have zero respect for you zero
hey guys I feel like I need to reiterate
some of the basic concepts in this video
as basic and blatant as they are because
I know I'm really delivering a message
here that people don't want to hear and
the young woman I'm speaking to in this
dialogue this very one sided dialogue
your vote to hear she didn't want to
hear it and she didn't get the message
when I say I have zero respect for I
really mean that and although I
criticize other vegan activist on this
channel there were hours and hours of
critique that I engage in because i
think that is politically necessary and
productive and useful the people I
criticized by and large I would not say
that I have zero respect for them very
often I can and do list off the things I
do respect for them even freely even
durianrider even some of the people who
ridiculous opinions about why vegans
treaty chicken eggs things I disagree
with or may even feel upset about or
feel offended by very often I can still
look at those people and say well they
share the same objectives I do there are
differences of degree between us the
difference in strategy and tactics you
know I strongly disagree with someone
like Gary Yourofsky because he endorses
violence and I am anti violence and I
endorse only legitimate Democratic
methods of pursuing social change if you
live in a democratic society such as
Canada Germany France etc um yes there
are deep and fundamental differences to
myself and other vegans and there's
critique there but very often the people
i'm criticizing i can still recognize
that they are in their way vegan
activist that they are in their way
pursuing goals that I sympathize with
even if I think they're misguided or
ineffective or what have you in this
conversation I am speaking to someone
who is a troll and who starts coming to
you by identifying herself as a troll
it's not nothing about and that's how I
knew her was that she made mean-spirited
insulting um you know in defamatory and
slanderous comments on my youtube
channel so she got blocked so the base
of this conversation was that she got
blocked and didn't like being blocked so
she thought she'd come on my channel and
sweet-talk me and I think she really
didn't get as simple as it is that I'm
telling her I have zero respect for you
I have zero respect for what you're
doing in the vegan movement and she
actually starts the conversation with
quite high self-esteem she really feels
that she's doing something positive as a
troll as someone who makes trolling
comments to the YouTube now that's a bit
surreal and bizarre to me and it may
reflect how out of touch with reality
she is it may reflect how out of touch
with reality our whole generation is I
do have trolls and haters who have
stayed on my on my YouTube we've never
been blocked but you know you gotta have
someone being called a hater though I
more patroller you know I don't I don't
hate you I don't hate anyone alright
that interpretation that any sort of
criticism will be seen as hate or even
if you just troll someone I mean I very
few people hate so
and there's not really melis I haven't
gone off to your family or anything like
that and I wouldn't want to I don't know
anything well I know what you've said
online but i don't really know all that
much about your personal hater i thought
you would see something more eloquent
well i'm just so even the humorous
cheetah as well i'm referring back to
your actual comments on my on my youtube
channel at that time so that's my memory
view but yeah and you made you made some
comments that result in you being
blocked make you child please that's
either yeah but you know i mean i'm not
i'm not on the internet for that right
like I mean for me fundamentally I'm
sure you've seen enough my videos to
know I really do see what I'm doing on
on the internet as shall we say making a
foundation for real activism I do not
regard youtube as real activism but I do
regard YouTube as creating connections
between people who can really cooperate
and really be part of a meaningful
movement in the future so you know um
you know it's just not what I'm about I
mean you you know in defending yourself
now which is fine I didn't ask you
defend yourself but you were comparing
yourself to people like vegan cheetah
and blue wren and saying that you don't
cross certain lines I said that I've
made video is about data yeah but I mean
you're describing what you're doing is
trolling and so on so I mean I
understand that's your perspective but
in my perspective is not that trolling
is okay or neutral or good my
perspective is I'm actually waiting into
this cesspool of vegan youtube and you
know trying to make some positive happen
um you know like you know you use an
example publishing that children's story
book right so uh yeah I i will go into
this just so you can hear my perspective
on this yeah yeah um do you want to
finish up or should I explain no you
talk I it's fine you go ahead now oh ok
well for me it's more
r um well well there's one interacting
with like-minded people which I do
appreciate um but I'm realistic that I
know that I'm probably not going to make
friendships outside of of YouTube and I
I use YouTube is more of an escape from
reality because okay that everything in
reality is very serious so I like to
have a lot have a bit of fun and not
really take it too seriously do you
understand what I mean yeah hmm for
those of us though I mean like if I can
characterize that is playing games if I
can characterize the type of trolling
the type of comets used to make them a
YouTube channel before you got blocked
as playing games you have to understand
some of us are here on YouTube and we're
not playing games so there's a natural
antipathy or there's a natural distance
between people like you and people like
me no it doesn't mean you're a bad
person but it means the people like me
don't want to waste their time with you
now it could be that in real life but it
could be in real life you're the world's
greatest activist but I don't know you
as that I know you as the person who's
making trolling comments on my youtube
channel right so that's what it is you
know do some pretty like good comments
on your channel so I don't understand
why I was blog I don't I didn't see it
as scrolling when I would commenting is
this was before I had a YouTube um
before I was making videos yes I do
recall that yeah but we're talking about
five months ago six months ago now but
yeah yeah I'm not saying a car sorry I
made a comment about varying degrees of
intelligence I made a comment about that
I think that's what got me blocked I
assure you I have absolutely no memory
of which comment or comments led to be
blocking you but I was making a broader
point here about the difference between
people who are interested in and
aspiring to do real activism be involved
in your politics even if we can't be
because like in terms of my current life
situation in China with my divorce with
needing to earn money those are the
things the actual capacity in my life to
do real activism is almost zero you know
but I'm not here to play games with
vegan cheetah even though that's bit
that's become part of what I do or part
of what I'm known
for on youtube but mean you have to
realize like I and many people I
understand they don't see me that way I
got a comment a few days ago from
someone who asked me they were not
joking they were not trolling they asked
me directly on you now would I ever
consider doing a video that contained no
coarse language and just talked about
politics and I told them like I've
uploaded well over 400 videos now and
like what do you think like 250 of them
like minimum 250 of them fit that
description like have no swearing talk
about politics Doug bhopal to convene
ISM so and I'm not boasting it's just
like this is a person who's commenting
me and I think the only videos of mine
they've seen our me telling cheetah that
he's a sack of [ __ ] you know or me
explaining to someone no I didn't have
sex with that 16 year old or you know
addressing one of these other ludicrous
controversies that people like people
like blue wren try to get famous from
exploiting and that people like cheetah
cheetah to some extent has succeeded in
getting his little measurement so it is
saying that's not why I'm here and I
wasn't here for any of the crap with
during writer I'll either so I just say
it's very different now how many people
are like me on youtube in having that
agenda and having those priorities
having the size extremely few so I
understand you say that what you do is
troubling is harmless okay I don't even
want to debate that if it's a waste of
my time I can block you i can delete you
know what i mean like that's it cuz
that's not what my youtube channels
about I'm fine with it not I do it
because I don't really agree with just
blocking people all forms of communicate
and effects you should be expected and
you should get them out no no no no you
used a crucial word there you used
respect it and I have a video stating
very clearly even in the title I don't
respect you I don't respect your
question I don't respect my audience
notice this is the part where we
respectfully disagree there I'm
expressed my opinion so there's there's
just a different in opinion they're
actually built pretty positive
relationships with people spin
entertainment but I feel like I've built
up a few constituencies with people
because of the content that I've made
because I haven't made it to series I've
made it light-hearted yeah but I mean
not everything is light-hearted I really
have a core case ongoing right now in
Chiang Mai Thailand and having people
saying that I'm a fraud and that I stole
money is not a joke to me this is my
real life you know I really have an
ongoing divorce case in France and
people claiming that I'm a pedophile or
some kind of other miscellaneous sexual
predator sex criminal is not a joke to
me maybe it is to you maybe that's the
kind of thing you troll about or make
comments you think of funny about but
but bottom but but no but bottom line
you have to realize whether i'm
criticizing freely or criticizing nina
and Randa because there are videos on my
channel that are kind of comedic or not
taking themselves too seriously for sure
my purpose the reason why I'm on YouTube
is serious as cancer I'm not [ __ ]
around I'm very serious with the vegan
movement I'm very passionate about it
and I sacrificed my time to make that
happen because I think there's room for
boys and I like yes yes there's room for
both no no there's room for both but not
on my youtube channel think about what
percentage no no think about what
percentage of vegan YouTube is all the
other [ __ ] and my channel is like
the one special place where I say the
[ __ ] doesn't cut it so no there
isn't room for it on my channel no not
at all hahaha you want to [ __ ] around
the whole rest of you tube is for
[ __ ] around like it can you make a
list in your mind of anyone else doing
videos on YouTube within the digital be
big and anyone that takes it as
seriously as I do that really cares that
is even like because I said that [ __ ] I
said that [ __ ] job s III can't but like
it's a short list i have a list on my
computer of other channels I've got
respect for but it's a goddamn shortlist
partly because most people who want to
take those things seriously they get
scared off of youtube by exactly the
muckraking the scandal mongering the
insults the low the low morale tenor of
what goes on so those people don't want
to come on here there were university
professors and want the interview want
to do podcasts at to my channel
they wouldn't come on because there are
respectable people so they don't want to
talk about veganism on YouTube even
though they talk about veganism in a
university setting to a tiny crowd of 20
or 30 people you know so much less work
to put on YouTube and reach a thousand
people they don't want to do it but now
so you know that's it I mean you know
yes different be upset there's a million
times different people on YouTube are
playing different games by different
rules do I respect the blue wren no do I
respect his opinion no do I want his
opinion on my channel no he has his own
channel where we can all ignore him fine
so that's that's the way the game is
played but you expect me to pretend I
respect a scumbag like the blue ran I
don't why would I yeah I'm hearing out
your perspective and it's it's not a
perspective that I share but I I'm
understanding where you're coming from
now so it making it's making more sense
to me because there was a blocking
communication where I couldn't express
my thoughts on it so I'm glad that I can
actually conversation with you and well
know you could have at any time yeah you
could have at any time written to me
through email or through or through
patreon but I mean through email the
difference between email and making
comments on my youtube channel is that
if you write to me a private email
you're not stunting for a crowd you're
not trying to get attention from random
anonymous people who are there listening
and people's behavior is remarkably
different in private email as opposed to
public comments on YouTube exactly what
you get rid of is that kind of trolling
and that kind of attention seeking which
you say you engage in and you expect me
to both respect and host on my youtube
channel which I'm never going to do it's
not what my youtube channel is for you
know I'm leaking this user channel again
so I have a three-year-old daughter
she's gonna see it 10 years from now or
something I don't know when she's 13
this youtube channel i can get hit by a
bus anytime and this youtube channel is
gonna be the only way my daughter ever
hears my voice to me it's all very very
serious even when i'm joking around you
know so some of it yes we can indulge in
you know short-term controversies vegan
cheetah said another outrageous thing
about me blah blah blah but no I mean to
me you know it's it's serious business
I devote the time to it and you know for
me that's rewarded by meaningful
relationships for the small number of
people I understand me your point is you
joke around okay I don't I mean everyone
else on YouTube is joking around but you
know for me even when I'm joking it
serious yeah difference in it and then
mm I don't know I mean look among the
people I've impacted you know ironically
are people like vegan sheet himself
vegan cheetah change his whole life and
enrolled in University and went back to
school and everything because of my
influence on it which is bizarre
dramatic whole bunch of other people who
are not famous or he wouldn't have heard
of have really changed their lives and
have written to me talking about what
they changed in terms of political
activism in terms of career what have
you have you so there is a level of
trust and there are limits to you know
how much you can joke around but look
I'm out here you're not using your real
name so I don't know your real name
nobody knows you're gone i'm using my
real name this is my legal name when
durianrider said i was using a fake name
I held up my passport and as you know he
doxxed me and defamed me and carried on
I'm not wearing a mask I don't think you
even use your real face you don't put
your face on YouTube do you okay so i
know you're defending what you see as
just joking around well I'm not [ __ ]
around this is my real face this is my
real name this is my real life this is
my real divorce these are my real
aspirations for activism cetera et
cetera and when I put a video up talking
about the children's storybook I was
going to publish this is where he
branched off before um there was
immediately a response from durianrider
and cheetah jointly sitting down
discussing here on you nail on a live
stream discussing how they could
sabotage my plans to publish a
children's story book okay how they
could defame me and denounce me and
claim that i'm a scam artist or how they
could get in touch with the publisher
while this kind of thing all right so
this is my real name now look up I
challenge you I defy you the same way I
challenged Joe best to write your own
children's story book publisher on
children story book or do anything that
positive because in terms of vegan
activism you know unlike standing on the
street and screaming unlike protesting
front of parliament that is something
that is just completely positive
completely constructive etc etc right um
now you know I just say I would
encourage anyone to do it but when I do
it that's the horse [ __ ] I have to deal
with and yes it is partly because of
people like you it's partly because of
people like Joe vegan it's partly
because of people I vegan cheetah who
actively tell lies about me again and
again because they think it's funny
because they think it'll make them
famous because they think it'll make
them money etc etc now you may not see
yourself that way but yeah in terms of
me ban you from the comment section why
would I see you as any different why
were you any better than any of those
people have just named let's find you
where's where's one where's your face to
where's your name three where's your
activism for where's your children's
storybooks five where's your struggle
where's your real life what's your real
life on the Internet I don't know what
the [ __ ] you do with your life I I came
on talking about my unemployment I came
on talking about my applications to get
jobs I came on talking about my
applications to join the army it's all
on the internet for me so yeah it's real
shit's real and for you it's not it's a
[ __ ] game so I didn't hear your crap
yeah anything it don't be that ISIL You
Don't Know Who am exactly my point yeah
so why would I respect you so what wait
wait so use your spec why would I
respect you why does beeping so one
you're anonymous to you're wearing a
mask three you're taking no risk for so
far as i know you're contributing
nothing to the movement you know you're
not a look for all I know maybe you did
a fundraiser to support my court case I
didn't hear about it maybe you're gonna
do a fundraiser support my children's
book I didn't your mother maybe you're
going to start your own court case maybe
you're gonna publish your own children's
book I don't know [ __ ] about that all I
know about you is that you're a clown on
the internet so why would I respect you
let's be clear someone like durianrider
I think it's very important to criticize
them to criticize him when he gives diet
advice and exercise advice and when he
gives political advice and it's very
very important that we all draw a line
when he makes threats of violence
against people when he engages in
serious defamation against people and
say no more you know I that is very
important however I would
not say I have zero respect for during
writer and I cannot say the durianrider
is not a vegan activist he is he's a
vegan activist whom I criticized in
disagree with and there are some things
I agree with him on there are some
opinions of his that I respect and I've
commented many many times the channel
with both during right around freely the
various things where I do either
sympathize with them or respect them for
what they've done um that's not such a
black-and-white issue okay this troll
this self-described troll starts off the
conversation by feeling absolutely the
cheese in the right by representing
herself as someone who had been wronged
because she had been blocked from common
image and she had a friend who is who
was also blocked and she wanted him to
be unblocked and she felt that she
represented um the high virtue of
freedom of speech and that she was doing
something really positive and she said
some points she's bringing people
together by being a troll and she's
starting meaningful conversations
[ __ ] throw this is really really
really out of touch with reality I
remember her comments and you could I
just before making this I went and
looked again at some of her comments
hating on me know this is not critique
this is not constructive criticism this
is not political activism or advocacy
and as is talked about here she's not
using her real name she's not using her
real face she's not risking anything
she's not sharing her real life
experience which by the way is something
I respect freely for I've always said I
respected freely fundamentally for just
coming on camera and talking about what
her life was like back when she was a
waitress she was a bartender or she
worked in a bar when she did those kind
of jobs to me that's something fresh and
original and real and sincere that
anyone can come on YouTube and share you
can come on and say hey this is my name
this is my face this is my experience in
life even if it's just working as a
waitress I actually do respect that I
respect that about freely I respect
about anyone who makes that commitment
and there is an element of risk but
sadly what people like this young women
don't realize the risk is itself created
and reinforced by people like her it's
created by the trolls the reason why
respectable people don't want to come on
YouTube and show their face and show
their name the reason why people are
afraid
need to participate positively and
contribute positively lamentably is
exactly people like this but I'm asking
given that I'm in the percentage of
people given that I'm in the percentage
of people who are sharing their real
life they're real struggle I'm actually
weeping on camera I'm talking about
everything going on in my real life
whether it's my job or my divorce or my
aspirations for vegan activism and you
want me to respect you why you did you
started this conversation by asking me
to respect that was absolutely what
you're asking you were making a coherent
argument which understand and I'm and
I've been a hundred percent straight
with you saying I have zero respect for
you zero I don't like I didn't like the
[Music]
hostility I don't want hostility in a
conversation that's not what I want so
yeah and you enjoy trolling yeah it's
the bring people together it's just just
for fun it people can just a lot but
it's not fun it's not fun for those of
us who have our real lives and our real
names in a real face in the internet you
have none of that so that's what I'm
asking you to appreciate maybe you
should quit trolling maybe you should
turn over a whole [ __ ] new leaf in
your life as I've already stated she has
the delusion that she's doing something
really positive and something that I
ought to respect yeah it's to bring
people together it's just just rip on it
she began this by totally believing that
I would respect her and the basic point
I was trying to through to his no I have
absolutely zero respect for you I have
zero respect for what you do and I don't
feel ashamed in the least that I have
blocked you from my youtube channel she
doesn't get it from start to finish in
this conversation she absolutely does
not get it and at no point did she feel
shaken from her high horse because in
this conversation she comes into it on a
high horse that she is in every way
superior to me and what I'm doing my
channel that she represents freedom of
speech as she represent something
positive in the vegan movement the vegan
community and guys that is really the
assumption i think our whole generation
has to challenge
I I completely understand why the same
people who play video games see posting
insults on the internet as a game in
itself and it's not okay it's not it's
not a legitimate form of entertainment
to come on the internet insulting people
it's not and yes I mean you know her
excuse for herself is that what she does
is harmless that also comes up in this
conversation I said where I'm not here
to debate that I mean yell playing video
games is also harmless I'm here debate
that I'm here to challenge you I'm
asking you to instead to stop what
you're doing and do something positive
for the vegan movement you want me to
respect you you do something positive
I'm trying to publish this children's
book click on the link in the
description I've put together this
children's book I've been talking to
illustrators and want to get it
illustrate and want to get published
something completely positive for the
vegan movement I'm able to say to this
troll what the hell are you doing you're
not even using your real face you're not
even using your real name and you're so
deluded that you really imagine that
what you're doing is positive and you
apparently can't understand why I would
block you from my channel ok enough said
you get to hear her perspective in
little bits and pieces here but I gotta
tell you her perspective is not worth
hearing and at the end of this
conversation I think she was just a
deluded issue was the beginning and she
still fundamentally doesn't understand
that most basic point that I have zero
respect for her i banished yen